WIP: fix(messaging): added info to go sns doc about certificates MTA-2324 (#938)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/messaging/api-cli/go-sns.mdx

"Timestamp": "2022-06-29T10:03:34Z",
"SignatureVersion": "1",
"Signature": "<REDACTED-SIGNATURE>",
"SigningCertURL": "https://messaging.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/fr-par/sns/sns_certificate_[certSerialNumber].crt",
"SubscribeURL": "<THE-CONFIRMATION-LINK>" // Get the confirmation link located here
}
```

> The signing certificate of the message is in the JSON of the `SigningCertURL`. This certificate is also signed by the [trust chain certificate](https://messaging.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/fr-par/sns/sns-trust-chain.pem) (common name `sns.mnq.srr.scw.cloud`). To verify the authenticity of the message, you can COMPLETE THIS INFO.

Author: ```suggestion
The signing certificate of the message is in the JSON of the `SigningCertURL`. This certificate is also signed by the [trust chain certificate](https://messaging.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/fr-par/sns/sns-trust-chain.pem) (common name `sns.mnq.srr.scw.cloud`). For more information about verifying the authenticity of the message, refer to the official [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-verify-signature-of-message.html).
```
